Now what we want to do is instead of just showing
the query string here in our UI whenever we type,
what we actually want to do is we want to filter
our list based on whatever we type in the input field.
So, what we'll do is let's go ahead and get rid of this stringify invocation.
And again, what's cool about React is really this is just going to be JavaScript.
So if you're familiar with JavaScript,
then this should be pretty straightforward.
So, what I want to do first is just destructure a few different things.
So, we're going to be using this.state.query
a few different places as well as our contacts,
so we go ahead and just destructure those.
Contacts will be coming from the.props.
And then now right here,
we can just say query and then down here instead of saying this.props.contacts,
we can just do contacts and might as well do onDeleteContact as well.
So we will add that up here.
And then now what we want to do,
is we want to filter our contacts based on whatever is in the input field.
So, what we can do is let's create a brand new variable.
We will say showingContacts and this is going to be
the new variable that we are going to map over down here.
So add that in right there,
which is going to be the new array,
the new contacts after we filter them.
So, we'll say is if query is still
an empty string then we want showContacts to just be our original contacts.
But if it's not just an empty string,
that means the user has typed into this input field.
So, what we'll do is we will say contacts.filter and then what we want to do here,
is we'll say if c.name.toLowerCase.includes our query.toLowerCase.
And then what that will do is as we type into our input field,
we'll only get the users or the contacts that
have the specific characters inside of their name,
because that's what we are doing right here.
We're saying only include the contacts
whose name after we've invoked toLowerCase on it and normalize it,
includes whatever the query is as well and we'll lowercase that as well.
So again what we're doing here,
is because we want to update the UI,
we stick this input field on
the component state and then whenever the component state changes that's going
to cause a rerender and then we go ahead and
filter our contacts based on whatever the query is.